---
title: "Our Memorial Era"
description: "人生本无意义，意义是说出来的罢。"
publishDate: "2013-07-13"
tags: ["Life","People",] 
---

Once again, it seems rather gruelling for me to recollect the last moments of our campus life. Much as I would like to record even the slightest espisodes in Chinese, I am taken to convert all of my personal feelings into English out of honor and respect, a bitter-sweet languague which we have been dedicated to learning in the past four years. Not suprisingly, English winds up being the most suitable one to cherish and commemorate the never-fade-away youth, for all of us fresh graduates after all.

Every departure is so heartbroken to digest, so fragile to touch and so cruel to recall. However we deliberately drag the final hour, it is there to come. Without much thought and reminiscence, we go on seperate ways one after the other, a fixed but sorrowful scene which grieves everyone in presence. Leaving is indeed overwhlemingly distressing, but the true friendship and brotherhood we have forged and reaped will impinge on us for the rest of our lives. Therefore, it is our memorial era that makes our every single day in the unniversity meaningful as well as treasurable.\

## Part III

When the broadcast finally announced the arrival of my train to SH at 4:30 A.M ., an hour sharp later than the originial schedule, I was dozing off for the fourth time and reluctant to carry my lugguage aboard. I had to say, NC Station, renowned for its crowd and misregulations, had been fortunate to witness my growth. After waving goodbye to the imaginary self on the lounge, I was somehow relieved to go and pursue my next goal. The clock suddenly turned back, and there were not so many people in the station at midnight as I supposed. The atmosphere being muggy and sepulchral, everyone was eager to wait for his turn to embark on the train. However, my heart ached for a moment, reminding my attachment to this city of chaos and fury. At the center of the station, CC, one of my best brothers, kindly appeared with my largest piece in his hand, and then we talked for a while until No. 223 Bus took us back to school, where everyone had already gone to his destination except CYF, who was due for Beijing two days later, striving for his own aspiration there.

Back in the dormitory, we silently watched a basketball match between China and Nigeria, chewing all of the good old days when we fought and proved ourselves on the tiny court. To my disappointment, two of our buddies, DJL and FZH, had to rush for the train before I could realize it. In the shortest moment, they were sent off in a dozen of boys' escort with laughs as well as tears. They were scheduled to work in Nigeria after receiving formal and proper training. We embraced, encouraged and turned around so that nobody could find our emotional ourburst. But when I figured my ultimate mission had completed because the fourth floor of No.12 Building was empty for good, a sense of desolate sadness assaulted me. Gladly, HC and YHQ came back, each beaming with joy of abuses and cooperation. They had sweared to make a good fortune in metropolis before seeing each other again. Undoubtedly, the perpetual picture of our basketball team fighting for vitory was there to stay.

It was getting scorching at noon, as it is always to be. XP, KZM and ZLZ had decided to pool a van together with some friends. Hurriedly packaging their stuff, they hugged and promised to take care of themselves. As if rehersing for many times, we watched their figures fading in the dust. For some unknown reason, I had no appetite to eat lunch, lying on the bed until GXF called me. The overnight sleepiness was long gone on their faces, and instead, they were more than unwilling to leave the only property of estate at campus. Handing in the keys would deprive us of the mere memories of ridicules and amusings. ZB followed us, taking photoes along the way. The time had come, but the reunion was stiil far away. When the sun peeked its eyes through the clouds, we were much grateful to bask in the sunshine, which had failed us for several days.

## Part II

The same parting drama was really unsettling. The evening KTV revelry was nothing but an immediate outlet of loneliness. Before swallowing all the unpleasant feelings they had been subject to, some friends were meant to leave. Seeing them off in an instant, I was repeatedly told, was more than I could bear, but I found myself lucky enough to say farewell to them all, who had been so kind to shape me into what I am now. GXF was no excption, who was tough but sentimental to the season. Firecrackers were endlessly echoing along the road, both a typical symbol of the final chapter and an auspicious mark of the coming pursuit.

It was still drizzling, and we could no longer make peace with our minds. YJJ slipped me his copy of the dissertation in hope of preservation and recollection. To my enduring regret, I had no souvenirs in return, for him and also for all of us, which constitutes my determination in presenting our exclusive panorama of the last days.

##Part I

They were spreeing with a variety of recreational activities in the evening, which I was voluntarily tempted to. It would suggest that as if dominating the now before it was too late, or fighting against the ruthless Santa Clock was what mattered. Our parade was daring and dashing in the crowed rear gate when FXL and JBW were prepared to embark on their new missions. Masterminds, players, and brothers, they could be all the roles they were willing to be. Thanks to their planning and performance, the party was proved a huge success. CZT led the way for early departure, without words but sincere emtions buried in his heart. Our hearfelt fraternity is and will always be there.

Another pile of our commrades were lingering on, however, their plan was sabotaged by the terrential rain, which rightly gave us more chances of freewill thoughts and talks. FZH and CZT were calm as usual, pretending not to be distracted by the senario, while WQJ, a man in good taste, felt the powerlessness of changing his image in university. Their leaving was in a flash so that we had to run for the time of saying farewell to them. The whole afternoon was in a mess, but we managed to straighten things out, of which posting luggages and clearing up the remaining time were our major tasks. Exhausted as we became, it was more than upsetting to indicate that our time in ECJTU was slipping away. And so left was J, a true man who valued frainternity but had to rush back for his promising career before our guys split..

Our Diploma Certificates, two pieces of papers we have been fighting for, were eventually at the mercy of ourselves. Four years is more or less a witness of our brilliant youth, and hopefully, the next one is more spectacular.

So much to record and so many to thank. Forgive me for not elaborating all of the memories, but trust me, they have been rooted in my deepest mind. Wish all success down the road, and be optimistic about our future.